Do you want to know more about the stars and planets?
Would you like to make a model space station?
Or would you like to visit the Science Museum to discover more about space?
You would?
Then join our school's new Space Club.
At our first meeting we are going to learn about the moon and the planets.
We have learnt something about them in our science lessons, but at the Space Club we
are going to find out a lot more.
We know that scientists have recently made new discoveries about several of the planets.
Mr. Lu, our science teacher, has invited a famous scientist to come and talk to us about
the latest space news.
Our first meeting will be in the Science Lab on the first floor of the Science Building.
The meeting is on Thursday at 5pm.
First Mr. Lu will tell us about the different things that we are going to do at the club.
And then at 5.30pm the talk will begin.
There will be time for you to ask questions, so please think about what you would like
to ask before you come.